.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LIGHTSPARK 1 "June 15, 2024"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
lightspark \- a free Flash player
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lightspark 
[\-\-url|\-u http://loader.url/file.swf] [\-\-air] [\-\-avmplus] [\-\-disable-rendering] [\-\-disable-interpreter|\-ni] [\-\-enable-fast-interpreter|\-fi] [\-\-enable\-jit|\-j] [\-\-ignore-unhandled-exceptions|\-ne] [\-\-log\-level|\-l 0-4] [\-\-parameters\-file|\-p params-file] [\-\-profiling-output|\-o] [\-\-security-sandbox|\-s <sandbox type>] [\-\-exit-on-error] [\-\-HTTP-cookies <cookie>] [\-\-version|\-v] [file.swf]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Lightspark
is a free, modern Flash Player implementation, this documents the options accepted by the standalone version of the program.
if no swf file is given, a small GUI is shown to select an swf file and set its options
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invoke bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
The player is currently in Alpha state, support for any particular SWF file is not guaranteed.
.PP
You might wish to see the project website at https://lightspark.github.io/ or the 
source code repository at https://github.com/lightspark/lightspark
.SH OPTIONS
.HP 
\fB\-\-url\fP loader.url/file.swf, \fB\-u\fP loader.url/file.swf
.IP
Pretends to be loading the file from an url
this only sets the base url, it doesn't load the swf
.HP 
\fB\-\-disable-interpreter\fP, \fB\-ni\fP
.IP
Disable the ActionScript interpreter
.HP 
\fB\-\-enable-fast-interpreter\fP
.IP
Enable an experimental optimized ActionScript interpreter
.HP 
\fB\-\-enable-jit\fP, \fB\-j\fP
.IP
Enable the ActionScript JIT compilation engine
.HP 
\fB\-\-ignore-unhandled-exceptions\fP, \fB\-ne\fP
.IP
Ignore unhandled runtime exceptions
.HP 
\fB\-\-log-level\fP 0-4, \fB\-l\fP 0-4
.IP
Sets the verbosity of the output, the default is 2
.HP
\fB\-\-parameters-file\fP params-file, \fB\-p\fP params-file
.IP
Load flash parameters from file. Every odd line will be interpreted as a parameter name, with the following one as the value.
.HP
\fB\-\-profiling-output\fP profiling-file, \fB\-o\fP profiling-file
.IP
Output profiling data to profiling-file in a callgrind/KCachegrind compatible format
.HP 
\fB\-\-security-sandbox\fP type, \fB\-s\fP type
.IP
Run a Flash file in a given sandbox to control access to network and local files. The possible types are: remote (default), local-with-filesystem, local-with-networking, local-trusted.
.HP 
\fB\-\-spoof-os\fP operating system, \fB\-os\fP operating system
.IP
pretends lightspark is running on another operating system.
This sets the string that lightspark reports in flash.system.Capabilities.os.
.HP
\fB\-\-exit-on-error\fP
.IP
Exit as soon as the first error is encountered.
.HP
\fB\-\-HTTP-cookies\fP cookie
.IP
Set cookie to be used in HTTP requests.
.HP
\fB\-\-air\fP
.IP
Run as an AIR application: grant permission to access both local files and network, and enable AIR APIs.
.HP
\fB\-\-load-extension\fP extension-file, \fB\-le\fP extension-file
.IP
Load AIR extension from file. This usually is unnecessary as lightspark automatically searches for available extensions if the \fB\-\-air\fP option is set
.HP
\fB\-\-avmplus\fP
.IP
Run as an application with avmplus package: grant permission to access both local files and network, and enable avmplus APIs.
.HP
\fB\-\-disable-rendering\fP
.IP
Run the application without the need for a graphical environment.
.HP 
\fB\-\-scale\fP >=1.0, \fB\-sc\fP >=1.0
.IP
scales the application window by the provided factor, default is 1.0
for example use --scale 2.0 on 4k screens
.HP 
\fB\-\-fullscreen\fP, \fB\-fs\fP
.IP
displays the swf file in fullscreen mode
.HP 
\fB\-\-help\fP, \fB\-h\fP
.IP
shows the list of supported parameters
.HP
\fB\-\-version\fP, \fB\-v\fP
.IP
Shows lightspark version and exits.
.SH AUTHOR
lightspark was written by Alessandro Pignotti.
.PP
This manual page was written by Jacopo Corbetta <j.corbetta@sssup.it>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
